`Forms` : Micro-app update oauth credentials (#507)
Esri/arcgis-maps-sdk-kotlin-toolkit: microapps/FeatureFormsApp/README.md

The application provides a web map gallery and a map viewer which invokes the form when Features are tapped.
Authentication is optional but limited to specific public web maps.

> To login to your ArcGIS Online account, click the `Sign in with ArcGIS Online` button in the app. This will open a new OAuth window where you can sign in with your ArcGIS Online account. 
> Once you have signed in, you can access the web maps that are shared with your account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To login to your ArcGIS Online account, click the `Sign in with ArcGIS Online` button in the app. This will open a new OAuth window where you can enter the account credentials.
Once you have signed in, you can access the web maps that are shared with your account.
```

> To login to your ArcGIS Enterprise account, click the `Sign in with ArcGIS Enterprise` button in the app. This will open a new window where you can enter the enterprise URL and sign in with your username and password.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you'd rather use an ArcGIS Enterprise account, click the `Sign in with ArcGIS Enterprise` button in the app. This will open a dialog prompting for an Enterprise URL followed by another dialog to enter your credentials. 
```
